float-audits

high

# Old actions can get blocked if keeper is offline for more than 255 blocks

## Summary

In EVM blockchains, the `blockhash` function only allows the user to get a blockhash from the last 256 blocks. This means that if the keeper is offline for more than 255 blocks, the old actions will get blocked since the oracle verification requires that the blockhash of the block in which the action was created is used in validating the signature.

This is an issue with most standard EVM blockchains via the `blockhash` function see the [solidity docs](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.4.24/units-and-global-variables.html#block-and-transaction-properties). But it is an issue on Arbitrum since Arbitrum uses its own pre-compile for getting the blockhash of the L2 - this can be found in the arbitrtum precompile code [here](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/704e82bb38ae3ccd70c35e31934c7b45f6c25561/precompiles/ArbSys.go#L35) and in their docs here [here](https://developer.arbitrum.io/arbos/common-precompiles).

## Vulnerability Detail

In Arbitrum, the blocktimes are very low, with blocks coming in 2-4 times a second. This means that if the keeper is offline for just a few minutes, those older actions won't be able to get executed anymore.

The same is true for other EVM chains although the amount of time a keeper would need to be offline for may vary.

## Impact

Users that exit the market at that time will not be able to withdraw their funds, and even when the keeper is back online they will not be able to get that original price anymore.
Additionally all deposits would need to be done again.

It is possible a user has executed a very large favorable trade, that should be priced at say block t, but since the keeper is unable to process this order until after block t+256, the user is not able to receive the profits of this trade. Given than being offline for just 2minutes, or some kind of congestion or arbitrum outage is highly conceivable, this is a very probable case. 

Another smart possibility would be a user taking an extremely large bet, say $100,000 100x Long on ETH. The user watches the price of ETH. While the trade is not favorable the user continues to DDoS the keeper or congest the chain, such that the order is unable to be processed. Given often 4 blocks are mined per second, the user would only need to do this for 1 minute. If unfavourable, the trade is unable to be executed after the 255 blocks have passed. If the trade turns out to be very profitable, the user simply stops the associated DDoS or keeper congestion allowing their order to be successfully processed. 


## Code Snippet

LoC
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/oracle/Oracle.sol#L466
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/oracle/OracleUtils.sol#L261

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider using a hash of the `blocknumber+chainId` rather than the `blockhash` to verify the signature. This will allow the keeper to be offline for more than 255 blocks without affecting the oracle verification.

