ShadowForce

medium

# Poor validation of chainlink oracle timestamp

## Summary
`latestRoundData` does not have checks to ensure that the oracle timestamp is validated. This in turn will likely lead to stale prices in the oracle return values. 
## Vulnerability Detail
As mentioned above, the protocol does not ensure that the oracle timestamp is validated. This will lead to a potential stale price being returned. A stale price in a protocol like this is a big problem. A stale price will possibly lead to loss of funds for users that use GMX. You can observe the lack of validation check for oracle timestamp in the snippet below.
```solidity
 // @dev set prices using external price feeds to save costs for tokens with stable prices
    // @param dataStore DataStore
    // @param eventEmitter EventEmitter
    // @param priceFeedTokens the tokens to set the prices using the price feeds for
    function _setPricesFromPriceFeeds(DataStore dataStore, EventEmitter eventEmitter, address[] memory priceFeedTokens) internal {
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < priceFeedTokens.length; i++) {
            address token = priceFeedTokens[i];

            if (!primaryPrices[token].isEmpty()) {
                revert PriceAlreadySet(token, primaryPrices[token].min, primaryPrices[token].max);
            }

            IPriceFeed priceFeed = getPriceFeed(dataStore, token);

            (
                /* uint80 roundID */,
                int256 _price,
                /* uint256 startedAt */,
                /* uint256 timestamp */,
                /* uint80 answeredInRound */
            ) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();
```
## Impact
Since oracle timestamp is not validated. This can possibly lead to a stale price. When market is volatile the impact is worsened. Users will not have an up to date price and this will cause them to lose funds, and ultimately lose trust in GMX to provide accurate and fresh prices of a given market.

GMX uses the oracle price feeds to supply prices for trade execution. Without the most up to date prices, users could either get a favorable price therefore hurting GMX. Or the user can get a price that is not favorable for them, causing a loss of funds for the user. Ultimately not being able to buy quick dip in the market because the price does not update in time will cause the user to no longer trust GMX additionally putting their reputation on the line.

in another example the user sees the price of an asset rise because of speculation. The user tries to trade but sees the price for trade is old an not current, therefore causing him to not be able to take advantage in a quick surge in prices, and ultimately causing loss of potential funds for the user. After something like this, the user is unlikely to remain with GMX.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/gmx-io/gmx-synthetics/blob/91af13f93ee64e8cb50c37e4e8084037cbde15a7/contracts/exchange/WithdrawalHandler.sol#L118-L139
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend the protocol add checks to ensure the oracle timestamp is validated