Breeje

medium

# Oracle data feed can be outdated

## Summary

Price used by the contract through the oracle can be stale because of Lack of Validation on Oracle price.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `Oracle.sol` contract, `_setPricesFromPriceFeeds` method uses latestRoundData() function to get price from chainlink.

However, neither round completeness or the quoted timestamp are checked to ensure that the reported price is not stale. 

```solidity
function latestRoundData() external view
    returns (
        uint80 roundId,
        int256 answer, 
        uint256 startedAt,
        uint256 updatedAt,
        uint80 answeredInRound
    )
```

That's the reason Chainlink recommends using their data feeds along with some controls to prevent mismatches with the retrieved data.

## Impact

The retrieved price of the priceFeed can be outdated and used anyways as a valid data because no timestamp tolerance of the update source time is checked while storing the return parameters of priceFeed.latestRoundData(). The usage of outdated data can impact on how the further logics of that price are implemented.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: Oracle.sol

    IPriceFeed priceFeed = getPriceFeed(dataStore, token);

    (
        /* uint80 roundID */,
        int256 _price,
        /* uint256 startedAt */,
        /* uint256 timestamp */,
        /* uint80 answeredInRound */
    ) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();

    uint256 price = SafeCast.toUint256(_price);

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/oracle/Oracle.sol#L569-L579)


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

As Chainlink recommends:

>Your application should track the latestTimestamp variable or use the updatedAt value from the latestRoundData() function to make sure that the latest answer is recent enough for your application to use it. If your application detects that the reported answer is not updated within the heartbeat or within time limits that you determine are acceptable for your application, pause operation or switch to an alternate operation mode while identifying the cause of the delay.

Add couple of check for round completeness and timestamp such that last price update has happened within the acceptable `heartbeat` period.

Mitigated Code:

```solidity
File: Oracle.sol

    IPriceFeed priceFeed = getPriceFeed(dataStore, token);

    (
-       /* uint80 roundID */,
+       uint80 roundID,
        int256 _price,
-       /* uint256 startedAt */,
+       uint256 startedAt,
-       /* uint256 timestamp */,
+       uint256 timestamp,
-       /* uint80 answeredInRound */
+       uint80 answeredInRound
    ) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();
+   require(answer > 0, "Chainlink: Incorrect Price");
+   require(block.timestamp - updatedAt < HEARTBEAT_PERIOD, "Chainlink: Stale Price");
    uint256 price = SafeCast.toUint256(_price);

```