ShadowForce

medium

# The input parameter OracleUtils.SimulatePricesParams memory params is not used

## Summary
In the withdrawHandler.sol contract, the input parameter OracleUtils.SimulatePricesParams memory params is not used.
## Vulnerability Detail
OracleUtils.SimulatePricesParams memory params is not used, this causes function to revert and not work as intended. The user cannot simulateExecuteWithdrawal.  You can observe this issue in the code snippet below
```solidity
// @dev simulate execution of a withdrawal to check for any errors
    // @param key the withdrawal key
    // @param params OracleUtils.SimulatePricesParams
    function simulateExecuteWithdrawal(
        bytes32 key,
        OracleUtils.SimulatePricesParams memory params
    ) external
        onlyController
        withSimulatedOraclePrices(oracle, params)
        globalNonReentrant
    {

        uint256 startingGas = gasleft();
        OracleUtils.SetPricesParams memory oracleParams;

        this._executeWithdrawal(
            key,
            oracleParams,
            msg.sender,
            startingGas
        );
    }
```
## Impact
Since OracleUtils.SimulatePricesParams memory params is not used, this will result in the user not being able to simulate withdrawal. When he goes to call the function it will revert and all the gas fees that were paid had no use and was wasted in vain. I consider this a loss of funds because the user expected the function to work in return for his gas fee paid. In the end user will pay fee expecting function to work, and it did not.

Additionally the user will not be able to simulate trades, a major functionality of GMX not working for the user will cause the user to lose trust in the protocol. With so many competitors it is paramount that we ensure that all functionality is working correctly and how it was intended to work.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/gmx-io/gmx-synthetics/blob/91af13f93ee64e8cb50c37e4e8084037cbde15a7/contracts/exchange/WithdrawalHandler.sol#L118-L139
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend the protocol to fix the implementation so that the revert does not happen and function works as intended