kirk-baird

high

# `ExecuteDepositUtils.getAdjustedLongAndShortTokenAmounts()` Will Always Fail

## Summary

The there are invalid conditions in `ExecuteDepositUtils.getAdjustedLongAndShortTokenAmounts()`. These condition lead to an arithmetic overflow that will always be triggered causing the transaction to revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `getAdjustedLongAndShortTokenAmounts()`  is used to determine how much of a deposit will be attributed to long vs short when the market long token is also the market short token. The initial if-statement has the condition `if (poolLongTokenAmount < poolShortTokenAmount)`. 

For the true case we have: `poolLongTokenAmount < poolShortTokenAmount`
The line 393 then performs the subtraction. `poolLongTokenAmount - poolShortTokenAmount`. However, since `poolLongTokenAmount` is strictly the lower value this will cause a subtraction overflow. A subtraction overflow causes the transaction to revert in solidity 0.8.x.

For the false case we have: `poolLongTokenAmount >= poolShortTokenAmount`
The else condition then performs `poolShortTokenAmount - poolLongTokenAmount` on line 402. Since the condition requires `poolShortTokenAmount` to be the smaller or equal value this is very likely cause a subtraction overflow again causing the transaction to revert.

There is a single case where `poolLongTokenAmount == poolShortTokenAmount` that will allow the function to execute. However, it is unlikely the pools will remain balanced in practice since it is a floating market where any swaps will invalidate this condition.

## Impact

The impact is that it will be impossible to deposit into a market which has the long token and short token as the same value when the pool is unbalanced. It will be possible to initially deposit into this market since the values are 0:0 however after a single swap occurs it will not be possible to make any more deposits into the market as the long and short amount are not equivalent. The market is essentially unusable.

The severity is rated as high as the likelihood is high since this will occur after a single deposit and swap in the market. Furthermore, the impact is medium / high as it will not be possible for this market to facilitate deposits which is a core function of the protocol. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/deposit/ExecuteDepositUtils.sol#L392-L411

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The solution is to reverse the each of the subtractions such that they do not overflow.

```solidity
        if (poolLongTokenAmount < poolShortTokenAmount) {
            uint256 diff = poolShortTokenAmount - poolLongTokenAmount; //@audit fix


            if (diff < poolLongTokenAmount) {
                adjustedLongTokenAmount = diff + (longTokenAmount - diff) / 2;
                adjustedShortTokenAmount = longTokenAmount - adjustedLongTokenAmount;
            } else {
                adjustedLongTokenAmount = longTokenAmount;
            }
        } else {
            uint256 diff = poolLongTokenAmount - poolShortTokenAmount; //@audit fix
...
```
