IllIllI

medium

# Oracle prices may be forced to be excluded

## Summary

In order to come up with a fair price for orders submitted in the past, and being currently executed by order keepers, the GMX code relies on signed oracle prices from oracle archive infrastructure. These prices include a min (bid) and a max (ask), and the GMX DEX gets these prices from multiple exchanges to source the best price. The best price is chosen as the median price, and the algorithm for finding this median is broken.


## Vulnerability Detail

The median-finding code relies on the input prices to be sorted, and the code that verifies that things are sorted assumes that if all of the bid prices are sorted, then the ask prices must also be in order, which is not the case.

## Impact

Some combinations of oracle prices won't be usable, which means either orders won't be able to be executed, or the median calculation will exclude arbitrary exchanges, leading to unreliable prices. In both cases, a bad price means someone gets the bad price when executing the trade, and they'll lose money. If the number of usable prices ends up being below [`MIN_ORACLE_PRICES`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/data/Keys.sol#L86) then the order will be unexecutable by the order keepers until it expires.

## Code Snippet
The prices inspected by signer (can be thought of as which exchange's price is being reported) and the first check is that the `minPrices` (bids) are sorted in ascending order, and then the `maxPrices` (asks) required to be sorted, and because the original signer order for the min prices is the same order being checked for the maxes, it's possible for the requirement not to be satisfied:
```solidity
// File: gmx-synthetics/contracts/oracle/Oracle.sol : Oracle._setPrices()   #1

476 @>             for (uint256 j = 0; j < signers.length; j++) {
477                    cache.priceIndex = i * signers.length + j;
478                    cache.minPrices[j] = OracleUtils.getUncompactedPrice(params.compactedMinPrices, cache.priceIndex);
479                    cache.maxPrices[j] = OracleUtils.getUncompactedPrice(params.compactedMaxPrices, cache.priceIndex);
480    
481                    if (j == 0) { continue; }
482    
483                    // validate that minPrices are sorted in ascending order
484 @>                 if (cache.minPrices[j - 1] > cache.minPrices[j]) {
485                        revert MinPricesNotSorted(cache.info.token, cache.minPrices[j], cache.minPrices[j - 1]);
486                    }
487    
488                    // validate that maxPrices are sorted in ascending order
489 @>                 if (cache.maxPrices[j - 1] > cache.maxPrices[j]) {
490                        revert MaxPricesNotSorted(cache.info.token, cache.maxPrices[j], cache.maxPrices[j - 1]);
491                    }
492:               }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/oracle/Oracle.sol#L474-L496

For example, assume signer0 is signing prices for Binance which is at bid/ask 90/110, and signer1 is signing for Kraken which is at 99/100. If signer0's prices come first, a min of 90 is less than a min of 99, so the first check passes, but 110 is not less than 100, so the prices are considered invalid. The opposite order will also fail, so both prices can't be used at the same time.

## Tool used

Manual Review


## Recommendation

Use separate signer orderings for checking min and max prices

