ShadowForce

medium

# There is no check to see if Arbitrum L2 sequencer is down

## Summary
the use of chainlink in an L2 such arbitrum, require that we check if the sequencer is up to avoid stale prices.

A malicious user can check if sequencer is down and take advantage of this bug.
## Vulnerability Detail
When using chainlink with an L2 like arbitrum, we must check that the sequencer is not down. Without these checks, the price returned could be stale. In the snippet below we can observe how there is no check if sequencer is up.
```solidity
   // @dev set prices using external price feeds to save costs for tokens with stable prices
    // @param dataStore DataStore
    // @param eventEmitter EventEmitter
    // @param priceFeedTokens the tokens to set the prices using the price feeds for
    function _setPricesFromPriceFeeds(DataStore dataStore, EventEmitter eventEmitter, address[] memory priceFeedTokens) internal {
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < priceFeedTokens.length; i++) {
            address token = priceFeedTokens[i];

            if (!primaryPrices[token].isEmpty()) {
                revert PriceAlreadySet(token, primaryPrices[token].min, primaryPrices[token].max);
            }

            IPriceFeed priceFeed = getPriceFeed(dataStore, token);

            (
                /* uint80 roundID */,
                int256 _price,
                /* uint256 startedAt */,
                /* uint256 timestamp */,
                /* uint80 answeredInRound */
            ) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();
```
## Impact
Without the check that ensure that sequencer is up, we will not have a fresh price. This in turn could lead to a not so favorables price for the user. In a more extreme case like luna this check is vital, we must ensure that price is always fresh in order to protect the users from loss of funds.

GMX uses the oracle price feeds to supply prices for trade execution. Without the most up to date prices, users could either get a favorable price therefore hurting GMX. Or the user can get a price that is not favorable for them, causing a loss of funds for the user. Ultimately not being able to buy quick dip in the market because the price does not update in time will cause the user to no longer trust GMX additionally putting their reputation on the line.

in another example the user sees the price of an asset rise because of speculation. The user tries to trade but sees the price for trade is old an not current, therefore causing him to not be able to take advantage in a quick surge in prices, and ultimately causing loss of potential funds for the user. After something like this, the user is unlikely to remain with GMX.

Furthermore, we can also see a situation where a stale price can possibly lead to an unfair liquidation of a users assets. In this case the user suffers a loss of funds at the fault of GMX.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/gmx-io/gmx-synthetics/blob/91af13f93ee64e8cb50c37e4e8084037cbde15a7/contracts/oracle/Oracle.sol#L557-L577
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend the protocol adds checks to ensure the sequencer is not down.

