rvierdiiev

medium

# In case if contract, that creates orders don't know how to work with wnt and has `receive` function that uses more than `Keys.NATIVE_TOKEN_TRANSFER_GAS_LIMIT` gas, then it can lose his gas refunds

## Summary
In case if contract, that creates orders don't know how to work with wnt and has `receive` function that uses more than `Keys.NATIVE_TOKEN_TRANSFER_GAS_LIMIT` gas, then it can lose his gas refunds as it will be sent as wnt then instead of native token.
## Vulnerability Detail
When new order is created, then cretor should provide `executionFee` amount. It can be provided directly in wnt or in native token, which then will be deposited to wnt.
When order is executed, then keeper receives payment for the gas that he spent for the transaction. In case if not whole `executionFee` amount was spent, then order creator [is refunded](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/gas/GasUtils.sol#L68-L71).

`bank.transferOutNativeToken` function is used for that. This function [then calls `TokenUtils.withdrawAndSendNativeToken`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/bank/Bank.sol#L117-L122) function.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/token/TokenUtils.sol#L120-L143
```solidity
    function withdrawAndSendNativeToken(
        DataStore dataStore,
        address _wnt,
        address receiver,
        uint256 amount
    ) internal {
        if (amount == 0) { return; }
        ReceiverUtils.validateReceiver(receiver);


        IWNT(_wnt).withdraw(amount);


        uint256 gasLimit = dataStore.getUint(Keys.NATIVE_TOKEN_TRANSFER_GAS_LIMIT);


        (bool success, /* bytes memory data */) = payable(receiver).call{ value: amount, gas: gasLimit }("");


        if (success) { return; }


        // if the transfer failed, re-wrap the token and it to the receiver
        depositAndSendWrappedNativeToken(
            dataStore,
            receiver,
            amount
        );
    }
```
This function tries to send native tokens to refunder and it spends maximum `Keys.NATIVE_TOKEN_TRANSFER_GAS_LIMIT` amount of gas. In case the call is not successful, then it will call `depositAndSendWrappedNativeToken` which will send that amount as wrapped native token, so actually it will again deposit to wnt and then make transfer.

The problem is that order creator can be a contract that doesn't support work with wrapped native token, but it only works with native tokens. And this contract can have `receive` function that uses more `Keys.NATIVE_TOKEN_TRANSFER_GAS_LIMIT` amount of gas, so native tokens sending will revert and wnt will be sent.
When this will happen, this tokens will be lost for a contract.
## Impact
Refunded amount can be lost for a contract.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I don't know how to handle this correctly.