IllIllI

medium

# When underlying collateral tokens are paused, orders can't be canceled

## Summary

When underlying collateral tokens are paused (e.g. USDC), orders can't be canceled, and will be executed immediately after unpause


## Vulnerability Detail

Part of canceling an order is the sending back of the tokens provided. If the token is paused, the sending back will revert, preventing the cancellation.


## Impact

If the order was a market increase order, the user gets a free look into future prices, and can decide after the token unpauses, whether to cancel the order or not, at the expense of the other side of the trade.


## Code Snippet

For market orders, if the order reverts (e.g. due to the token being paused), the error handler attempts to cancel the order so that the user doesn't get to keep the block number (and therefore the price) that they submitted at:
```solidity
// File: gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol : OrderHandler._handleOrderError()   #1

233            Order.Props memory order = OrderStoreUtils.get(dataStore, key);
234            bool isMarketOrder = BaseOrderUtils.isMarketOrder(order.orderType());
235    
236            if (isMarketOrder) {
237 @>             OrderUtils.cancelOrder(
238                    dataStore,
239                    eventEmitter,
240                    orderVault,
241                    key,
242                    msg.sender,
243                    startingGas,
244                    reason,
245                    reasonBytes
246                );
247:           } else {
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L227-L247

For market increase or swap orders, canceling the order [sends back the collateral](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/order/OrderUtils.sol#L226) in the same transaction as the cancel.

An attacker can write a bot that front-runs token pauses, and submits very large increase orders. By the time the keeper gets to execute the order, the token will be paused, and when it tries to cancel, the cancel will revert. The attacker can watch the price movement during the pause, and if the potential position has a gain, let the keeper execute the order when the token gets unpaused. If the potential position has a loss, the bot can back-run the pause with a cancel, and prevent the keeper from opening the original position.

## Tool used

Manual Review


## Recommendation

Do not send the collateral back during the cancel - have another separate 'claim' function for it

