rvierdiiev

medium

# When executeDeposit or executeWithdraw feature is disabled, keeper can execute orders in order to cancel them and burn part of execution fee

## Summary
When executeDeposit or executeWithdraw feature is disabled, keeper can execute orders in order to cancel them and burn part of execution fee.
## Vulnerability Detail
When `DepositHandler.executeDeposit` function is called by keeper, then it's checked if it's [allowed to execute deposit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/DepositHandler.sol#L150). In case if it's not allowed, then `DisabledFeature` error will be thrown.

It will be caught by [catch mechanism](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/DepositHandler.sol#L109-L113) and `_handleDepositError` function will be called.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/DepositHandler.sol#L181-L204
```solidity
    function _handleDepositError(
        bytes32 key,
        uint256 startingGas,
        bytes memory reasonBytes
    ) internal {
        (string memory reason, /* bool hasRevertMessage */) = ErrorUtils.getRevertMessage(reasonBytes);


        bytes4 errorSelector = ErrorUtils.getErrorSelectorFromData(reasonBytes);


        if (OracleUtils.isEmptyPriceError(errorSelector)) {
            ErrorUtils.revertWithCustomError(reasonBytes);
        }


        DepositUtils.cancelDeposit(
            dataStore,
            eventEmitter,
            depositVault,
            key,
            msg.sender,
            startingGas,
            reason,
            reasonBytes
        );
    }
```

As you can see this function thinks, that the only error that keeper can make is to provide empty price for some token.
In case of any other error, `DepositUtils.cancelDeposit` function will be called, which will cancel deposit and keeper will receive gas fees for execution.

This creates some problems for depositors. Any keeper can cancel their order, when execute deposit/withdraw is disabled. But i think, it's not necessary, as feature can be enabled again in some short time and also order creators have ability to cancel their orders by themselves later, so there is no risk that the order will stuck and user will not receive back deposited funds.

Also, same thing exist for withdrawals. It's super similar, so i didn't describe it again.

Also, note, that for `OrderHandler`, disabled feature is treated [as keeper error](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L249).
## Impact
Keeper can cancel user's orders and burn some part of their executionFee.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I think you need to consider `DisabledFeature` error as keeper error and he should not receive fee for such calls.