chaduke

medium

# boundedSub() might fail to return the result that is bounded to prevent overflows

## Summary
The goal of boundedSub() is to bound the result regardless what the inputs are to prevent overflows/underflows. However, the goal is not achieved for some cases. As a result, ``boundedSub()`` still might underflow and still might revert. The goal of the function is not achieved. 

As a result, the protocol might not be fault-tolerant as it is supposed to be - when ``boundedSub()`` is designed to not revert in any case, it still might revert. For example, function ``MarketUtils.getNextFundingAmountPerSize()`` will be affected. 
 

## Vulnerability Detail
``boundedSub()`` is designed to always bound its result between ``type(int256).min`` and ``type(int256).max`` so that it will never overflow/underflow:

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/utils/Calc.sol#L116-L135](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/utils/Calc.sol#L116-L135)

It achieves its goal in three cases: 
1) Case 1: ``if either a or b is zero or the signs are the same there should not be any overflow``.

2) Case 2: ``a > 0``, and ``b < 0``,  and ``a-b > type(int256).max``, then we need to return  ``type(int256).max``.

3) Case 3: ``a < 0``, and ``b > 0``, and ``a - b <  type(int256).min``, then we need to return 
``type(int256).min``

Unfortunately, the third case is implemented wrongly as follows:

```javascipt
 // if subtracting `b` from `a` would result in a value less than the min int256 value
        // then return the min int256 value
        if (a < 0 && b <= type(int256).min - a) {
            return type(int256).min;
        }
```

which essentially is checking ``a < 0 && b + a <= type(int256).min``, a wrong condition to check.  Because of using this wrong condition, underflow cases will not be detected and the function will revert instead of returning `` type(int256).min`` in this case.

To verify, suppose a = ``type(int256).min`` and b = 1, ``a-b`` needs to be bounded to prevent underflow and the function should have returned  ``type(int256).min``. However, the function will fail the condition, as a result, it will not execute the if part, and the following final line will be executed instead: 

```javascript
return a - b;
```
As a result, instead of returning the minimum, the function will revert in the last line due to underflow. This violates the property of the function: it should have returned  the bounded result ``type(int256).min`` and should not have reverted in any case. 

The following POC in Remix can show that the following function will revert: 

```javascript
function testBoundedSub() public pure returns (int256){
              return boundedSub(type(int256).min+3, 4);
}
```

## Impact
 ``boundedSub()`` does not guarantee  underflow/overflow free  as it is designed to be. As a result, the protocol might break at points when it is not supposed to break. 
 For example, function ``MarketUtils.getNextFundingAmountPerSize()`` will be affected. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
VsCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The correction is as follows:
```diff
 function boundedSub(int256 a, int256 b) internal pure returns (int256) {
        // if either a or b is zero or the signs are the same there should not be any overflow
        if (a == 0 || b == 0 || (a > 0 && b > 0) || (a < 0 && b < 0)) {
            return a - b;
        }

        // if adding `-b` to `a` would result in a value greater than the max int256 value
        // then return the max int256 value
        if (a > 0 && -b >= type(int256).max - a) {
            return type(int256).max;
        }

        // if subtracting `b` from `a` would result in a value less than the min int256 value
        // then return the min int256 value
-        if (a < 0 && b <= type(int256).min - a) {
+        if (a < 0 && a <= type(int256).min + b) {
            return type(int256).min;
        }

        return a - b;
    }

```

